From the moment Steve Jobs dropped out of Reed to Mark Zuckerberg sitting uncomfortably in Washington, technology has come a long way. Headlines varying from “Music now in your pocket” to “Alpha Go beats the World’s finest” makes one wonder where technology would be without the evolution of programming. Well, in reality, it’s the human brain that has evolved. What started with printing “Hello World” has evolved to 15-year olds working on datasets to design neural networks.
Here, at PES University, we strive to give you a glimpse of the programming world out there, where the smartest survive and there are no second chances. Battle it out among your peers to see if you have what it takes in you to be the best. Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to Code Wars.
Are you Code Blooded?

EVENT OUTLINE:
The competition goes in 2 rounds:

1st Round (Prelims):

1. Debugging Questions + Logical/ Aptitude Questions
2. The team will face various debugging questions.
3. Debugging every bug carries one point.
4. Negative marking: If debugging is done at the correct bug location, then no negative mark is there. But, if the code is debugged at an already correct location (i.e. no bug was present at this location), 1 point will be deducted.
5. Then, logical/aptitude questions are the ones which will test your skills at analyzing and forming a solution to a problem.

Time limit: 75 minutes.

2nd Round (Finals)

THINK TANK
1. This round requires you to put on your thinking hat. Contestants will be riddled to their successive codes. The team that reaches the farthest and quickest automatically wins.
2. The top 2 teams will be eligible for awards.
3. Tie-breaks are at the discretion of the event in charge.

RULES AND REGULATIONS:
Any student within 18 years of age can participate.
A team cannot consist of more than 3 members.
Participants have to bring their own LAPTOPS. No computing system will be provided by us.
Mobile phones or broadband network cards are NOT allowed during the competition. If you are observed using any such means, your team is subject to direct disqualification.
Must be comfortable with any one of the following:
Java
C
C++
Python
